for this video is actually kind of fun
on what they're going to do they say
protective vs is but I mean you're using
them this is a rather short video
actually what you gotta do is just
destroy a bunch of BS is now everybody
has to be a snake vs bumper cars over
here nice just destroy anything there's
a couple ways of them and then there's
going to be one that gives you a health
bar that you got to finish off if you
die in this vs you can get in another
one and they give you plenty of thermal
energy this is actually positive i take
this as an apology for the rest of the
game
look at that look at that you tried to
walk right through those boxes Taylor
colinas I had a built-in reflexes don't
get those boxes
Oh
gonna send me pictures and you picture I
got a picture message from you last
night when I tried opening it I'm going
to restart my phone because some reason
I fixed your nails broken bone can you
hear my phone I got headphones on can
cool I'm holding up to the microphone
here it's gonna go again this is turning
on
now let's not get
I can't hear that all i hear is gunfire
alright well everybody knows when i
telled you rumor to me sounds like you
Mike hat open my door and then just
walked out it's for 19 in the morning
painting that my cat they know you have
the air conditioning on and then they
open the door yeah they look at you and
then they walk out like oh hi it's just
you know closer just like behind them
let's just do tell far is that bar at
the bottom now I don't think that's
you'd actually I think it's another do
kind of a shootout student wasting my
time yeah I'm just wasting my time on
the stoop if I look down sooner or later
I'm gonna realize oh it's this dude that
I've been standing right next to you
this whole time oh yeah they take flies
hang little any like turns into
something this grenade launcher so you
get a hold of it you're home free I just
kill this tank then we will be on our
way to the next level in no time